how much did it cost you about 1,300 I
think after tax is it efficiency is it a
17 inch or what at the 17.5 I go on what
are we counting I don't know he def
wanna kill stuff up written on the DK go
on the DK go on the DK the same fucking
team is there just oh
IDK yuck real shattering breathe I'll
bladestorm get shit on deck nigga shit
on druids get on the paladin I don't
care if he has a bubble get on the
paladin get on paladin get on out of
here you fucking read good that's how
you like it in your ass get on the
paladin kill him the rogue wants to
molest me I'm scared fucking goddamn
cyclone bullshit switch the road he's oh
damn it why didn't you give him Palin's
almost dead a little fuck ahead kill it
oh my god pick one I said get on the
fucking paladin you fucking queer bag
Nader I'm sorry but the Rogo's fucking
molesting me well that's too bad robes
are meant to molest and then fucking
petal files are supposed to look at your
shit and touch you and stuff I don't
cookie no just kill the fucking druid or
all nice Bob fuck you huh oh mama ki
ain't gotta be man I've got some magical
or Russia oh you report fucking a minute
and a half or two minutes before the
fucking arena even starts I don't run
dry dude why not angry you're fucking a
dude we just flicking get mistaken for
us which show dude we need to have all
night party raise your own vast shit
dude who wants to all yup can't wait put
on block out the man you want to sure
film send me the link to your arm to
your setup here is or female they're
gonna just fucking run look at this shit
no one knows what it is just fucking gay
looking you guys are all back not
knowing what tummy sticks is nice the
mullet you want stir field
Wow 20 minutes ago before I came all
right okay Freddie look-alike on yahoo
get election year ago and last command
and more fumes right now okay just go
hard on the Warlock stick it in his
pooper make up shit dicks and stuff I'm
serious get on the fucking war like now
take it Axl our main baat let me do good
by a warlock please get on the fucking
droid get on the fucking droid it sounds
dumb dude he does not know what fucking
dried summons thug go ok my jacket on
ice hey Holly yes fuck you faggot faggot
King trick three girls trip IAM here
today I'm good teaching guys is there
gonna be a really fun day vaca and
Berkeley fair hey guys make it what huh
fuck was that those fuck I'm to fuck
some BOTS all right we'll be going on we
go here I go but you want to go buddy
wanna go tell you I get older I go you
want to go Helen Helen Boop about him
pounding whooping whooping down
are you fucking button bubble Jana that
shit Josh yet I'm right i told'em age
hey you fucking queer till this ruse
gonna kill you ed now killing the rogue
no let the Rope survive actually I want
to fuck you dead already but II tarde
you